packages/dxf-serializer/README.md, before:

## @jscad/dxf-serializer

> dxf serializer for the jscad project (from CSG)

[![npm version](https://badge.fury.io/js/%40jscad%2Fdxf-serializer.svg)](https://badge.fury.io/js/%40jscad%2Fdxf-serializer)
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/jscad/io.svg)](https://travis-ci.org/jscad/dxf-serializer)

## Overview

This serializer outputs a 'blobable' array of data (from a CSG object)
ie an array that can either be passed directly to a Blob (`new Blob(blobable)`)
or converted to a Node.js buffer.

## Table of Contents

- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Contribute](#contribute)
- [License](#license)


## Installation

```
npm install @jscad/dxf-serializer
```

## Usage


```javascript
const dxfSerializer = require('@jscad/dxf-serializer')

const rawData = dxfSerializer.serialize(CSGObject)

//in browser (with browserify etc)
const blob = new Blob(rawData)

```


## Contribute

For questions about the API, please contact the [User Group](https://plus.google.com/communities/114958480887231067224)

PRs accepted.

Small Note: If editing this README, please conform to the [standard-readme](https://github.com/RichardLitt/standard-readme) specification.


## License

[The MIT License (MIT)](./LICENSE)
(unless specified otherwise)

Commit message:

feat(dxf-serializer): DXF Serializer updates (#59)
* Initial rework for additional conversions and test suites
* Autocad 2013 (AC2017) sections for DXF files
* Refactored composition
Added POLYLINE generation from CAG outline paths
* Adjusted tests for AC2017 DXF generation
* Initial test suite for 3D object conversions
* Added PolygonsTo3DFaces() to convert CSG polygons to DXF 3DFACE entities
* Added getEntityId() to simplify DXF handle generation
* Updated due to new entity handle formats
* Initial test suite for Path2D to DXF entity conversion
* Added conversion of Path2D to DXF LWPOLYLINE
* Added conversion from CSG polygons to DXF polyline faces
* Added tests for CSG polygon to DXF polyline faces
* Updated README with latest information
* More ES6 template strings. :)

packages/dxf-serializer/README.md, after:

## @jscad/dxf-serializer

> DXF serializer for the JSCAD project (from CSG)

[![npm version](https://badge.fury.io/js/%40jscad%2Fdxf-serializer.svg)](https://badge.fury.io/js/%40jscad%2Fdxf-serializer)
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/jscad/io.svg)](https://travis-ci.org/jscad/dxf-serializer)

## Overview

This serializer outputs a 'blobable' array of data (from one or more CSG library objects).
The array of data can either be used to create a Blob (`new Blob(blobable)`), or converted to a Node.js buffer.

The serialization of the following objects are possible.
- CAG serialization to DXF LWPOLYLINE or POLYLINE
- CSG serialization to DXF 3DFACE(s)
- CSG.Path2D serialization to DXF LWPOLYLINE or POLYINE

## Table of Contents

- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Contribute](#contribute)
- [License](#license)


## Installation

```
npm install @jscad/dxf-serializer
```

## Usage


```javascript
const dxfSerializer = require('@jscad/dxf-serializer')

const rawData = dxfSerializer.serialize(CSGObject)

//in browser (with browserify etc)
const blob = new Blob(rawData)

```


## Contribute

For questions about the API, please contact the [User Group](https://plus.google.com/communities/114958480887231067224)

PRs accepted.

Small Note: If editing this README, please conform to the [standard-readme](https://github.com/RichardLitt/standard-readme) specification.


## License

[The MIT License (MIT)](./LICENSE)
(unless specified otherwise)
