packages/svg-deserializer/README.md, before:

## @jscad/svg-deserializer

> svg deserializer for the jscad project

[![GitHub version](https://badge.fury.io/gh/jscad%40jscad%2Fsvg-deserializer.svg)](https://badge.fury.io/gh/jscad%40jscad%2Fsvg-deserializer)
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/jscad/io.svg)](https://travis-ci.org/jscad/svg-deserializer)

## Overview

This deserializer converts raw svg data to jscad code (that can be evaluated to CSG/CAG). 

## Table of Contents

- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Contribute](#contribute)
- [License](#license)


## Installation

```
npm install @jscad/svg-deserializer
```

## Usage


```javascript
const svgDeSerializer = require('@jscad/svg-deserializer')

const rawData = fs.readFileSync('PATH/TO/file.svg')
const csgData = svgDeSerializer(rawData)

```


## Contribute

For questions about the API, please contact the [User Group](https://plus.google.com/communities/114958480887231067224)

PRs accepted.

Small Note: If editing this README, please conform to the [standard-readme](https://github.com/RichardLitt/standard-readme) specification.


## License

[The MIT License (MIT)](./LICENSE)
(unless specified otherwise)

Commit message:

feat(svg-deserializer): add ability to deserialize svg data to csg objects directly (#25)
* output as csg or jscad now set via the 'output' option ('csg'/'jscad')
* meta data injection is now optional 
* refactor(): complete restructure extraction to constants, cleanup of processing functions
* test(svg-deserializer): added tests to have basic verification of jscad & csg output
* docs(sponsors): added information about sponsors
* feat(error handling): switched console.log warning outputs in case of failed
parsing to exception throwing
* added missing dependencies
* added .npmrc to avoir package-lock.json creation (npm >5)
* added package-lock.json to gitignore

packages/svg-deserializer/README.md, after:

## @jscad/svg-deserializer

> svg deserializer for the jscad project

[![GitHub version](https://badge.fury.io/gh/jscad%40jscad%2Fsvg-deserializer.svg)](https://badge.fury.io/gh/jscad%40jscad%2Fsvg-deserializer)
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/jscad/io.svg)](https://travis-ci.org/jscad/svg-deserializer)

## Overview

This deserializer converts raw svg data to jscad code (that can be evaluated to CSG/CAG).

## Table of Contents

- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Contribute](#contribute)
- [Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements)
- [Sponsors](#sponsors)
- [License](#license)


## Installation

```
npm install @jscad/svg-deserializer
```

## Usage


```javascript
const svgDeSerializer = require('@jscad/svg-deserializer').deserialize

const rawData = fs.readFileSync('PATH/TO/file.svg')
const csgData = svgDeSerializer(rawData)

```


## Contribute

For questions about the API, please contact the [User Group](https://plus.google.com/communities/114958480887231067224)

PRs accepted.

Small Note: If editing this README, please conform to the [standard-readme](https://github.com/RichardLitt/standard-readme) specification.

## Acknowledgements

OpenJSCAD and its sub components are built upon great open source work, contribution & modules.

## Sponsors

* The upgrades (direct CSG output from this deserializer) and refactoring have been very kindly sponsored by [Copenhagen Fabrication / Stykka](https://www.stykka.com/)

## License

[The MIT License (MIT)](./LICENSE)
(unless specified otherwise)
